= Typho Twitter

== What

This is a RubyGem to simplify sending parallel batches of requests to the Twitter API in Ruby applications.

It is based on Typhoeus and OAuth.

It is currently a work in progress.  Comments, suggestions, and feedback are welcome and encouraged.

== Why

Some applications need to send lots of individual requests to the Twitter API to do things such as retrieve details from a group of users, or get the recent statuses for a group of users.

For a sizable number of requests, doing this serially is extremely slow.  TyphoTwitter lets you perform a batch of like requests in parallel, drastically reducing the amount of time it takes to perform the same number of requests.

== Installing

  sudo gem install typho-twitter

The source code is hosted on GitHub: http://github.com/capitalthought/typho-twitter

== The basics


== Demonstration of usage

Create a TyphoTwitter instance.  If you need to authorize:

  @typho_twitter = TyphoTwitter.new( 
    :oauth=>{
      :consumer_key=>'XXXXXXX', 
      :consumer_secret=>'YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY', 
      :token=>'XXXXXXX-YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY', 
      :secret=>'ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ',
      :site=>'http://example.com'
    } 
  )
  screen_name_array = %w[02Blazer 080808news 0Amna0 100PercentTX 1043LaQueBuena 1049TheHorn 1070thefan 1070WINA 10jackrussel 10rWfe 10tonreverb 1337studios 141chars 1450whtc 1660THEFAN 16mthsapart 1968mike 1capplegate 1LUVMRWAY 1MattHopkins 1OneStone 1realestateteam 1stbassguitar 1stBrand 1ststepsmoney 1TeeTime 1weightliftin 2001MUgrad 203klender 20thCFlicks]
  responses = @typho_twitter.get_users_show( screen_name_array )
  responses.each do |response|
    puts response.to_s
  end

== More Information

* RDoc: http://rdoc.info/projects/capitalthought/typho-twitter/

== How to submit patches

The source code is hosted on the GitHub: http://github.com/capitalthought/typho-twitter

To submit a patch, please fork the typho-twitter project and create a patch with tests. Once you're happy with it send a pull request and post a message to the google group.

== License

This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license. 

== Contact

Comments are welcome. Send an email to me at typho-twitter@wdd.oib.com